Adds additional documentation to README.md (#63)
amzn/ion-element-kotlin: README.md

read-only properties per type of Ion data: `<kotlinType>Value` and `<kotilnType>ValueOrNull`, where `<jvmType>` is the
JVM Kotlin equivalent of the corresponding Ion type. Each of these properties will check to if the Ion type is the
correct for the property called, and if not, will throw `IonElementConstraintException` to indicate that the element is
of an unexpected type.

Here is an example using `longValue` and `stringValue`

```Kotlin
val anInteger: AnyElement = loadSingleElement("42")

// Prints 42
println(anInteger.longValue)

// throws IonElementConstraintException
anInteger.stringValue
```

If the `AnyElement` instance contains an Ion null value, an `IonElementConstraintException` is also thrown. These should
be used when the application wishes to require elements to be non-null.

```Kotlin
val nullElement: AnyElement = loadSingleElement("null")
val typedNullElement: AnyElement = loadSingleElement("null.int")

// Both throw IonElementConstraintException
nullElement.longValue
typedNullElement.longValue
```

Each of `*Value` properties has a corresponding `*ValueOrNull`, which converts Ion null values to a Kotlin `null`. These

> should be used when the application wishes to allow elements to be non-null.

Author: *to be null.

```Kotlin
val nullElement: AnyElement = loadSingleElement("null")
println(nullElement.longValueOrNull)
val typedNullElement: AnyElement = loadSingleElement("null.int")
println(typedNullElement.longValueOrNull)
```

TODO: describe the benefit of this with regard to Kotlin's null safety.

### `AnyElement`'s `as*[OrNull]()` Functions

`ion-element` greatly reduces the need for down-casting, but as shown above it does not does not completely

> 

Author: *TODO

## `IonElement` API Guidelines

The following guidelines are applied to the API of this package and are good practices to follow for any API accepting
or returning `IonElement` types or its sub-types.

- Any function arguments accepting...
    - ... any type of Ion data should be of type `IonElement` and not of type `AnyElement` to avoid requiring the use
      of `IonElement.asAnyElement()` at the call-site.
    - ... a specific type of Ion data should use the narrowest possible `IonElement` sub-class, for instance:
        - A function argument requiring an Ion s-expression should be of type `SexpElement`.
        - A function argument allowing either a list *or* an s-expression should be of type `ContainerElement`.
- Any functions that may return...
    - ... any type of Ion data should have the `AnyElement` return type to avoid forcing the caller to down cast to a
      narrower sub-interface or `AnyElement`.
    - ... more than one type of Ion data should have the narrowest possible return type, for instance:
        - A function that will only ever return s-expressions should have the `SexpElement` return type.

>         - A function that will return lists or s-expressions should have the `ContainerElement` return type.

Author: *`SeqElement`

![Build Pipeline](https://github.com/amzn/ion-element-kotlin/workflows/Build%20Pipeline/badge.svg)

# `ion-element`

`ion-element` is an immutable in-memory representation of [Amazon Ion](http://amzn.github.io/ion-docs/) which has an API
that is idiomatic to Kotlin and is also usable from Java. It is meant as an alternative to `IonValue` from
[Ion-java](https://github.com/amzn/ion-java) but is not a complete implementation of Ion as it relies on `Ion-java`'s
`IonReader` and `IonWriter` interfaces for reading and writing Ion data.

## Status

> This library is complete and mature, however the public API should be considered unstable.

Author: So... I'd look at completing issues #53, #41 at least before cutting a `v1.0.0` release.  Also perhaps should consider #46, and #47.

"narrowed". This is in reference to the range of possible data types representable by these interfaces.

- `IonElement`
    - `AnyElement`
    - `BoolElement`
    - `IntElement`
    - `FloatElement`
    - `DecimalElement`
    - `TimestampElement`
    - `TextElement`
        - `StringElement`
        - `SymbolElement`
    - `LobElement`
        - `BlobElement`
        - `ClobElement`
    - `ContainerElement`
        - `SeqElement`
            - `ListElement`
            - `SexpElement`
        - `StructElement`

## `AnyElement`

`AnyElement` is a special sub-interface of `IonElement` that can be used by consumers of this library to reduce the
overhead of accessing JVM native versions of the values represented by an `IonElement`. This is accomplished with two
categories of accessor functions that perform type checking before returning a down-casted `IonElement` instance or
Kotlin native value. As shown below, `AnyElement.as*[OrNull]()` functions perform type checking, throw an exception in
the event of a type mismatch, and down-cast to the narrowed `IonElement` sub-interface.  `AnyElement.*Value[OrNull]`
properties are similar but return JVM native values directly.

> The `IonElement.asAnyElement()` interface exists to convert to `AnyElement`. Although in `IonElement` implementations
> this is implemented as a simple downcast (i.e. `this as AnyElement`), implementations of `IonElement` are free to
> implement this however they see fit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IonElement.asAnyElement()` interface exists to convert to `AnyElement`. Although the implementations
of `IonElement` included in `ion-element-kotlin` implement this as a simple downcast (i.e. `this as AnyElement`), other implementations of `IonElement` are free to
implement this however they see fit.
```

        name: "Fantastic Widget",
        price: 12.34,
        countInStock: 2,
        orders: [
            { customerId: 123, state: WA },
            { customerId: 456, state: "HI" }
        ]
    }
"""

val stockItem: StockItem = try {
    val stockElement: StructElement = loadSingleElement(stockItemIonText).asStruct()
    StockItem(
        stockElement["name"].textValue,
        stockElement["price"].decimalValue,
        stockElement["countInStock"].longValue,
        stockElement["orders"].listValues
            .map { order -> order.asStruct() }
            .map { order ->
                Order(
                    order["customerId"].longValue,
                    order["state"].textValue
                )
            }
    )
} catch (ex: IonElementConstraintException) {
    error("Malformed StockItem: ${ex.message}");
}
```

More details about these functions are included below.

## `AnyElement`'s `*Value[OrNull]` Properties

In order to reduce the need to downcast to the appropriate sub-interface of `IonElement`, `AnyElement` provides two
read-only properties per type of Ion data: `<kotlinType>Value` and `<kotlinType>ValueOrNull`, where `<jvmType>` is the

> JVM Kotlin equivalent of the corresponding Ion type. Each of these properties will check to if the Ion type is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JVM Kotlin equivalent of the corresponding Ion type. Each of these properties will check whether the Ion type is
```

This is an alternative to `loadCurrentElement`. Returns an iterator that reads one top-level value at a time.

Signatures:

```Kotlin
fun loadAllElements(ionText: String, options: IonElementLoaderOptions = IonElementLoaderOptions()): Iterable<AnyElement>
fun loadAllElements(
    ionReader: IonReader,
    options: IonElementLoaderOptions = IonElementLoaderOptions()
): Iterable<AnyElement>
```

```Kotlin
val allElementsIterator: Iterable<AnyElement> = loadAllElements("1 2")
allElementsIterator.forEach { elem: AnyElement ->
    println(elem)
}
```

#### `IonElementLoader` and Dependency Injection

All the above functions are also present on the `IonElementLoader` interface, which can easily be mocked for the
purposes of isolated unit testing. The primary difference is that the `IonElementLoaderOptions` instance is passed to
the `createIonElementLoader` function, which creates a real (non-mock) implementation of
`IonElementLoader`.

```Kotlin
val loader: IonElementLoader = createIonElementLoader(IonElementLoaderOptions(includeLocationMeta = true));
val element: AnyElement = loader.loadSingleElement("{ some_field: 42 }")
```

## Writing Ion Data

### `IonElement.toString()`

> The contract of `IonValue.toString()` does not guaranteed that the method will produce valid Ion text (though in practice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contract of `IonValue.toString()` does not guarantee that the method will produce valid Ion text (though in practice
```

> it does produce valid Ion text). The constract of `IonElement.toString()` _does_ guarantee that the function must produce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it does produce valid Ion text). The contract of `IonElement.toString()` _does_ guarantee that the function must produce
```

## Loading Data With Location Metas

In certain contexts, for example, when Ion text is used as the syntax of a DSL (domain specific language) or as a
configuration file, it is helpful to know the line & column number of the Ion value within a file so that semantic
validation errors may be reported to the end user. This is accomplished through the use of the previously described
metas.

The inclusion of location metas comes at an additional CPU cost which is non-trivial for large files, so by default is
disabled. It is enabled by passing `IonElementLoaderOptions(includeLocationMeta = true)` along to the corresponding
loader function.

```Kotlin
val ionText = "{\n  some_field: 42 }"

val structElem: StructElement =
    loadSingleElement(ionText, IonElementLoaderOptions(includeLocationMeta = true)).asStruct()

// Struct is positioned on line 1 at character 1.
assertEquals(IonTextLocation(1, 1), structElem.metas.location)
// some_field begins on line 2 at character 3.
assertEquals(IonTextLocation(2, 3), structElem["some_field"].metas.location)
```

Note that `.location` above is an extension property provided for convenience.

> Finally, this works for both Ion text and Ion binary files, however for binary files, this the meta includes a byte

Reviewer 2: this the meta -> the meta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, this works for both Ion text and Ion binary files, however for binary files, the meta includes a byte
```
